hi today I'm going to tell you how to
make spicy chicken curry for this I need
the two red onions and I need some green
chillies cloves
then I need some dry red chilli 1 tomato
8 or 10 garlic pieces ginger cinnamon
stick and black pepper for the spices I
need salt garam masala cumin seeds salsa
: the powder fascinated powder red chili
powder and then cumin powder and in oil
for the cooking
I've also like taken chicken around till
3 lbs M put it for the meditation so my
nation is like 20 to 25 minutes so I
have taken a medium-sized chicken very
first thing I will do is I will just
marinate it with the spices so I will
use cumin powder
kashmiri red chilli powder coriander
powder
some garam masala and I'll mix one
tablespoon of oil or ghee you can use
the key as well this helps you to keep
the chicken juicy and mix it liquid salt
so I use some salt using the marination
and then I will use some salt while I'm
making the curry so this will help to
mix this we can just all inside the
chicken so I just pour some salt so you
just remember that this is you already
have mix the salt with the marinated
chicken and you want to put too much
salt while you're making the curry so
what I'm going to do next is just mix
this chicken with the spices what I have
put and I'll just keep it for 20-25
minutes so as you see I have mixed it
well and I will just keep it for 20 to
25 minutes and while we are waiting for
this to get marinated we'll prepare
other things the very first thing I will
do is I will make the ginger-garlic
paste so I have also mixed the dry red
chilli sauce that we devour it would
have a nice red color I normally use the
fresh garlic ginger paste you can also
use the one you get in the market so
ginger garlic paste is ready and now I
will make the paste of the onion I will
grind it in the blender waiting to make
the paste heat the oil in the pan now
onion paste is also ready I'll make the
tomato puree puree as well perfect so
tomato puree is also ready so we have
now tomato puree onion paste and Disney
garlic paste ready so now the oil is
also he can already so let's start
putting the spices put the cinnamon
sticks
pepper cloves
mustard seeds cumin seeds I make the
green chili Network
while you make the onion paste
weeks ago so we will try this any until
it is like dark brown in color what I'm
going to do is I'm going to mix some
salt into this that we ate this will
cook fast faster so I mix some salt into
this and keep stirring it so now onion
is kind of bright and dark in color soil
mixes in the galaxy tone is in the
colonists along with the onion that way
it may become like bitter you won't get
the taste of it so this mix it offers
you surprise so I mixed the red chili
powder coriander powder cumin powder and
we'll mix the ger muscle at the end so
you'll keep frying it till this is like
start leaving the oil see this is
started leaving the oil and this also
turned dark color dark brown car so I'll
mix the tomato puree into this now
so while we were preparing for the
chicken masala and gravy chicken is
already marinated for 20-25 minutes and
it's already the spices are mixed inside
the chicken so and now since the the
onion the masala is also ready so now we
can mix that you can do this now we'll
mix the chicken do this
and also make some coriander leaves into
this will give you a better aroma and
this taste aroma of the formulation we
mix with the chicken so you just see
this gravy in the masala like this is
nice red color I'll mix some water into
this not too much of water on for now
I'll just mix a little bit of water so
that once the game is kind of ladies and
we can use some more water and do this
so mix some water and now we will cover
this for five to ten minutes so after
ten minutes see we have a nice gravy red
color and onions it left his water so
you don't need to mix too much water in
the beginning what you can do is now you
can add some more water into this and
cook for another 10 to 15 minutes so
total cook time would be around 20-25
minutes and what I could do is you can
use fork to poke the chicken and see if
you are able to poke it inside well then
that means chicken is cooked properly so
just make some water into this
this mixer
so after 15 minutes of kicking see the
chicken gravy is ready just mix a little
bit of garam masala on top of this
chicken is cooked well and you can see a
nice red color baby hope you enjoyed the
video thanks for watching thank you